Fix bintray gradle plugin failure, update release steps gradle task (#387)
bugsnag/bugsnag-android: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Merge any remaining PRs to master, ensuring the commit message matches the release tag (e.g. v4.0.0)
- [ ] Update the version number and dex count badge by running `make VERSION=[number] bump`
- [ ] Inspected the updated CHANGELOG, README, and version files to ensure they are correct

> - [ ] Release to GitHub, Maven Central, and Bintray by running `git tag vX.X.X && git push origin --tags && ./gradlew assembleRelease publishSDKPublicationToMavenRepository publishNDKPublicationToMavenRepository`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Release to GitHub, Maven Central, and Bintray by running `git tag vX.X.X && git push origin --tags && ./gradlew assembleRelease publish`
```

Pretty sure that's all you'd need here?
